### Backend

#### API Documentation

For more detailed API documentation, please see our [API Overview](API_OVERVIEW.md).

#### Project Structure

-   **`certs/`**: Stores certificates for HTTPS configuration.
-   **`configs/`**: Configuration files that dictate various aspects of the backend's operation.
-   **`coverage/`**: Output of code coverage reports.
-   **`logs/`**: Application logs generated by the backend.
-   **`middlewares/`**: Express middlewares for handling requests, errors, and security features.
-   **`migrations/`**: Scripts for database migrations.
-   **`models/`**: Defines schemas for database models using Mongoose or another ORM.
-   **`pipes/`**: Functions for data transformation and validation.
-   **`public/`**: Static files accessible publicly via the backend.
-   **`routes/`**: Route definitions for the API endpoints.
-   **`tests/`**:
    -   **`integration/`**: Integration tests that cover the interaction between various parts of the application.
    -   **`performance/`**: Performance testing scripts and results.
    -   **`unit/`**: Unit tests for individual components.
-   **`utils/`**: Utility functions and helpers used throughout the backend.
-   **`server.js`**: The main server file that initializes and runs the Express server.
-   **`index.js`**: Entry point that sets up the server and other necessary initializations.
-   **`migrate-mongo-config.js`**: Configuration for MongoDB migrations.
-   **`package.json`**: Lists dependencies and defines project-related commands.
-   **`.env`**: Environment variables (not to be committed in version control).
-   **`Dockerfile`**: Instructions for Docker to build the backend image.
-   **`.dockerignore`**: Specifies patterns to ignore during Docker builds.

#### Setup Instructions

1. **Installation**:

    - Ensure Node.js and npm are installed on your machine.
    - Navigate to the backend directory and install the required dependencies:
        ```bash
        npm install
        ```

2. **Environment Configuration**:

    - Copy the `.env.example` to `.env` and fill in the necessary environment variables for your setup.

3. **Running the Server Locally**:

    - Start the server using npm:
        ```bash
        npm start
        ```
    - For development, you might use `npm run dev` if you have a script set up with nodemon.

4. **Dockerization**:
    - Build the Docker image:
        ```bash
        docker build -t your-backend-app .
        ```
    - Run your Docker container:
        ```bash
        docker run -p 3000:3000 your-backend-app
        ```

#### Testing

-   **Unit Testing**:
    Run unit tests using:
    ```bash
    npm run test:unit
    ```
-   **Integration Testing**:
    Execute integration tests with:
    ```bash
    npm run test:integration
    ```
-   **Performance Testing**:
    Assess performance using Jmeter

#### Deployment

-   Deploy using container orchestration tools like Kubernetes or serverless platforms as appropriate, considering the Docker container setup.
